Clarified that agent MUST include sample_rate in transactions and spans (#480)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-sampling.md

With lower sampling rates the server is able to calculate representative, but less accurate, metrics.
If the sampling rate is 0 then no metrics will be calculated at all.

> When the sampling rate is available Agents _must_ record the sampling rate on transactions and spans as `sample_rate`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the sampling rate is available Agents MUST record the sampling rate on transactions and spans as `sample_rate`, e.g.
```

All caps is the pattern that's been established in other specs.

Author: Is it worth updating the rest of this sub-doc to confirm to this convention? Ideally we should probably do it across all the agents spec sub-docs but I think that will be too much for this PR.

Reviewer: My bad, you were following the existing doc's patterns. I would update this doc, yes, but leave the rest for a separate PR.

Author: Done - please take a look.

With lower sampling rates the server is able to calculate representative, but less accurate, metrics.
If the sampling rate is 0 then no metrics will be calculated at all.

> Agents MUST record the sampling rate on transactions and spans as `sample_rate`. e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agents MUST record the sampling rate on transactions and spans as `sample_rate`, when available. i.e.
```

I think this should have a caveat to say it MUST be recorded when it's available, to align with the last line of the Propagation section, which says

> If there is no tracestate or no valid es entry with an s attribute, then the agent must omit `sample_rate` from non-root transactions and their spans.

Author: It's a very good point about the sampling rate not always being available - I've changed this part, please take a look.

Regarding "e.g." vs "i.e." - I'm not a native English speaker so I would like to make sure I correctly understand you proposal :) I though that "e.g." is equivalent to "for example" while "i.e." is equivalent to "that is"/"which means". In our case the part that follows "e.g." is indeed an example of a payload with `sample_rate` so wouldn't "for example" fit better in this case?

Reviewer 3: > Regarding "e.g." vs "i.e."

Yes, it should be `E.g.` or `For example`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not an English major, but I think it ought be i.e. in this case because what follows appear to be exact definitions of what the recorded `sample_rate` for any span and transaction must look like, and there are no other options. I can see an argument for why they could be considered examples because they include exemplar `name` properties. Removing the `name` properties would make them clear definitions for the previous statement.

Author: Since there seem to be different opinions about "e.g." vs "i.e." and since it's not related to the purpose of this PR I prefer to leave as it is and we can revisit it later.
